EDENrm: Setup Manual (SETUP.TXT)
--------------------------------
u0r2 by Brendon, 08/20/2018.

Welcome to EDENrm update 6!


Installation
------------
1.  If you have not done so, download the latest final release of Rainmeter
    found at [ https://www.rainmeter.net ].

2.  Once downloaded, run the executable file (installer).

3.  There is usually no need to change any option, so just proceed with the
    installation. You may require administrative permissions.

4.  Once installed, run Rainmeter. New users should be greeted by illustro's
    welcoming skins.

5.  Now open the RMSKIN file (EDENrm <version>.rmskin) sitting adjacent to this
    manual. The Rainmeter Skin Installer should appear with its name, author,
    version and included components.

6.  Tap Install. EDENrm's welcome skin should appear, proceed onwards.


Windows XP and Vista users
--------------------------
If you are running Rainmeter 3 (3.3.3) on Windows XP or Vista, a fallback
version of EDENrm update 6 is available. This version removed features that are
otherwise exclusive to Rainmeter 4.It is recommended not to install either
Rainmeter 3 and/or any fallback versions of EDENrm into a modern PC.

Rainmeter 3.3.3 can be downloaded via the following link:

[ https://builds.rainmeter.net/Rainmeter-3.3.3.exe ]

The latest fallback version of EDENrm can be downloaded via the GitHub page:

[ https://github.com/BrendonIrwan/edenrm ]

Read on for more information.


First off, an announcement from the Rainmeter Community.

Adapted from [ https://www.rainmeter.net/release-4-0 ] as of 08/20/2018
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Important change to supported versions of Microsoft Windows
------------------------------------------------------------

Due to current and future improvements and additions to functionality, which
will require the latest version of the Direct2D / DirectWrite graphical engines:

As of Rainmeter 4.0, Windows XP and Windows Vista are no longer supported.

Rainmeter 4.0 requires at least Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 and the Platform
Update applied. These should have been automatically applied several years ago
by Windows Update, but if you have Windows Update turned off you may need to get
and apply these updates manually. Windows versions later than Windows 7 are
fully supported.

If you are on Windows XP or Windows Vista, and can't or don't wish to upgrade,
you will need to stay on the 3.3.3 Release version of Rainmeter.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Over three half-years ago, EDENrm update 5 was released, in which I made a
statement regarding EDENrm ending support for Windows XP and Vista. However, I
recently decided to postpone the deadline one last time, so that everyone can
benefit from the huge improvements update 6 had brought over update 5.

That being said, update 6 releases of EDENrm will be the very last to users
running Rainmeter 3 on Windows XP and Vista--unless I lie again in update 7.

Still, it is really time for all of us to move on from Windows XP (and Vista).

Windows XP is about 17 years of age, running an operating system this old makes
your computer vulnerable to security issues. Newer version of Windows add
support for newer functionalities for use in programs such as Rainmeter.

But Windows XP defined my early days of computing, hence why I am still giving
my support for it. I do have a virtual machine with Windows XP installed mostly
for nostalgic reasons, and it is where the fallback version was tested.

Rest in peace, Windows XP (2001 - 2014).


----------------
End of SETUP.TXT